Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if Nicole bacon shows up. She
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't show up yesterday to grow up. I'm very concerned.
Gwenevere Abriel: She might be a no show for
Gwenevere Abriel: anyone watching the baby or babies just nearby.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, she's with dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Alright. Cool. Well, that gives us, you know, some time to really delve into whatever is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if you days been like, are they manageable overwhelming. What's it like
Manageable yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes better than others house, how that How are your kids health. What is healthy.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, oh boy, when they're not what what a mission huh
Bianca Garcia: It definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, let's see, my database has been moving kind of slow here. So I want to
Open a note, just going to take a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have a chance to practice the diaphragm right die for matic breathing the belly breathing, did you get a chance to remember it. Do it.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I, I tried it, I think. I think I got it. I remembered it. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very cool. Were you already in a chill mood or did you do it like when somebody said something offensive or when did what, when did you do it.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, just when I wanted. Well, when I felt like I wanted to blow up in our get like when you're overwhelmed or, you know, just, just from the kids. Cuz sometimes there. You have to control. It is I, that's what I did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you notice that after that you could think of more things that you could do that problem solving got easier.
Bianca Garcia: Yes. Well, I did a chill out for sure.
Bianca Garcia: Before I blew up on them but yeah I I calmed down a lot and I did really have more ideas of, you know, how to keep them from fighting or
Bianca Garcia: You know, to make your worse on myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm are you open to talking a little bit about what challenges might come up with, with the kids.
Bianca Garcia: Let me know.
Bianca Garcia: About that. Sure.
Bianca Garcia: Okay. Um, what challenges I've gone through with the kids.
Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I have a seven year old and a five year old. So there are two years apart and the consistently excite like
Bianca Garcia: For everything they can be around each other or if she touches one of her toys that she'll get mad or when they're sitting in the car. They're just oh my gosh it's every little thing with them, too. So
Bianca Garcia: Those are challenges I have with them and then the baby's not too bad. I'm sometimes she'll
Bianca Garcia: You know, just want something and then I won't figure out, like what it is. And then finally, I'll figure it out. But she's a lot more
Bianca Garcia: You know she's one now, so she could point like like you'll be like, Oh, you want good. He's doing his show not yes so she's not bad, it's those to that give me more challenges.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: What have you tried to address that that behavior. What have you tried
Bianca Garcia: Well, I tried to keep them separated and I tried to talk to my older one to seven year old they are, because she's, she's so I mean, for no reason. Like my younger one go into it, Rochelle. Get out. Mike, why do you have to be so mean and they try to be nicer to her.
Bianca Garcia: Or play with her, or tell her you know I don't want you in my room, you know, just try to be nice and
Bianca Garcia: That's what I do. I tried to talk to the older one and Tyler and then the younger one I just tell her. Okay. She doesn't want to be bothered right now. Don't go to a room or
Bianca Garcia: You know, just come in here with me or whatever it is that's going on at that moment. So that's what I like to start talking to them as much as possible.
Bianca Garcia: Since they're China, you know, understanding in the younger ones going to the teacher in school, like how to adjust her feelings.
Bianca Garcia: She's mad or sad or they show her how to problem solve, as well. Okay. Um, yeah, so she's she so I tried to go off of that as well keep it as a routine from school to home. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are they doing it and curious to hear what what teachers are doing around that.
Bianca Garcia: Well, she she has like little cards, where it says, problem solving, and it'll be like, Oh, well, take a seat. Or you could like, calm down or or how to be nice, or share
Bianca Garcia: You know, just stuff like that. And in the in the teacher always tells me, you know, and she showed me the look card. So I try to go with that too because that's actually. I like that. She says that they need to express themselves and sometimes they don't know how
Bianca Garcia: That's right, yeah. So, so I tried to go off on I taught me a lot with the teacher. She's actually a really awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Katie Yeah, that is, I LOVE THAT THIS THIS teachers aware of feelings and emotions and trying to teach them kind of what to do with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And you were saying that you learned
From her
Bianca Garcia: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you learned from that teacher, too.
Bianca Garcia: Oh yes definitely. Yeah, yeah, we get along really well actually I feel like sometimes like we're friends like we talked a lot and
Bianca Garcia: I pick them up so we get to talk a lot about what's going on and she tells me about the kids or about my kid and you know so. So yeah, definitely learned a lot from her.
Bianca Garcia: Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, she's in good care. It sounds like during the day.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I trust her with my child. I feel sorry for. Sometimes, though, because she has it with those children.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, I don't know how she does it.
Gwenevere Abriel: There so patient they stay deserves so much more money.
Bianca Garcia: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you. Oh yeah, it's not even fair
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to try this database again. See if I can look out, it's like nothing going on just a great big spin and we'll
Gwenevere Abriel: See, try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: About how many years or months has this tension between your two daughters been going on.
Bianca Garcia: It seems like from this year.
Bianca Garcia: This. So, this year it's been getting like that. It's they don't share rooms. Everybody has their own room. So that's a plus. But yeah, it's been this whole year.
Bianca Garcia: That I've seen it more between them. And then my older daughters, there she is five years apart. So she's a little older. So I don't see that. And then my baby, she's five years from the older one so I feel like that's going to be a good
Bianca Garcia: Stretch for them. But these two two years are really close. It seems like it's constant. So I just, I just need to find other ways like I trying, but it's really hard with them to
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, when you do want to shape behavior, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that
Gwenevere Abriel: Has worked in maybe not the dynamics between those two. But as worked in other areas, what, what's your approach to shaping behavior you talk to them, obviously I heard that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has that worked in other areas of what you want them to do.
Bianca Garcia: Yes. Well, they have been able to talk to me and explain their feelings or what they want or why they don't want them there.
Bianca Garcia: And sometimes it's because we're picking and nipping from one or the other. And yeah, so that's mainly it or just separate them. It's always just more talking and separating them if
Bianca Garcia: Like, you know, just give her a little break, come do this or or we'll do stuff together and that will keep everybody quiet to, you know, like reading the book or coloring or their homework that that keeps them.
Bianca Garcia: From fighting. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you're there with them together.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that tension that bickering doesn't seem to be there.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, well, when yeah when we're like sitting next to each other, doing so because I'll be in the kitchen, living room, my room, whatever it is, and when they're just running to to their rooms or her room. That's when it happens is when I'm not like right right there.
Bianca Garcia: More yeah okay
Bianca Garcia: All right, when they're playing with my older daughter with them three are playing that that to that that keeps them from fighting for some reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's 12
Bianca Garcia: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I finally got my note open here so I can see where we left off.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I taught you the belly breathing and you remembered it. That is just fantastic. Keep practicing that that'll be really handy for remembering other things that you learn. Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, definitely. It's been so far so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's play a little bit with more imagery. This time let's let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do some imagination for a moment. I want you to picture three fingers.
Gwenevere Abriel: One is a protective figure and it can be real or imagined could be an animal could be an image of something, don't get too hung up on that it has to be the right thing people have come up with various creative combinations sort of real people.
Gwenevere Abriel: And imaginary people so it can be anything you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it would be a protective figure a nurturing figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And a wise figure. Let's start with the first one I want you to think about real or imagined. Who do you think of it has this quality of a protective figure
Bianca Garcia: I would think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a lion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is, is there anyone in your life that you have known or that you've seen maybe in a movie or TV show or in your real life.
Gwenevere Abriel: That really embodies a protective nature.
Bianca Garcia: In a movie or in my life.
Uh huh.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I would think, well i i know that would probably be their dad.
Bianca Garcia: What's his name a model.
Bianca Garcia: A
Bianca Garcia: A deal
Gwenevere Abriel: A Moto moto
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you because their dad protective, but do you find him protective like in the
Gwenevere Abriel: Daniel. Okay. Excellent. So let's go over to the other one which is a nurturing figure nurturing typically least for this exercise.
Gwenevere Abriel: This real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: wants your growth for you wants your development really want anything in return, just really just wants you to be everything that makes you happy, and nothing holds you back and just really supportive of your growth, um, who or what real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has that quality.
Bianca Garcia: I would definitely say my kids.
Bianca Garcia: Okay, they're always like supportive of me and my growth. Like, no matter what.
Bianca Garcia: I know, obviously we make mistakes. We're not perfect, parents, but, you know, they're always, you know, have that loyalty. And I just, I just love that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone else
Bianca Garcia: Well, I would consider myself as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. No, I got it. I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the last one is real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: A wise figure what comes to mind, but a wise figure
Bianca Garcia: Oh,
Bianca Garcia: I have a really good friend and she's a lot older okay um and I feel like she's always gave me wise advice.
Bianca Garcia: So, Teresa.
Bianca Garcia: She's an older friend who's
Gwenevere Abriel: Often given you good advice.
Bianca Garcia: Yes, she's a lot older she's going to be my mom, my grandma. She's just an awesome lady. Yeah.
All right.
Very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And while we've got some time let's let's keep working on some imagery here because we'll be using these for exercises later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want you to think about a container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Container in your imagination, like let's say you were feeling impatient and you didn't want to be filling it you were angry or jealous.
Gwenevere Abriel: really scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you didn't find it very convenient to really
Gwenevere Abriel: Dive into those emotions and didn't want to analyze it. We wanted to kind of compartmentalize it and you would do it liberally intentionally and consciously and you would put it in this container.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could also be used. Let's say doing something very intense work and let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Say a lot sign
Gwenevere Abriel: Up for you and we need to be respectful.
Bianca Garcia: That we only have
Gwenevere Abriel: Like three minutes left in our session.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like, what do I do, you can take that and we can put it in a container and you and I can safely and respectfully pull it back out.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: revisit it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't have to be right on the surface, we're feeling the intensity of a memory or an experience. So it's kind of nice to have that that imagery available. So you can say, okay, let's put that in the container, if you want to, but here are the requirements.
Gwenevere Abriel: This container this emotional container.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only requirement bar. It's got to be big enough strong enough to hold all your all your
Gwenevere Abriel: Stuff. So again, this is right brain creativity. What do you think of when I'm saying that
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I don't know. I
Bianca Garcia: Don't really get that, like, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's an imagination. So, this is this is done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of cookie things that we might be
Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's because I have never heard anybody say oh I compartmentalize that I don't think about that. You ever heard anybody say that expression.
Bianca Garcia: Know what does that word mean
Gwenevere Abriel: compartmentalize it means I don't think about it. I kind of shut myself off from a thought and a memory and an experience. I just don't think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some people can do it really well to the point that they almost feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: They're not even in touch with a lot of feelings in their life like you almost wish they wouldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: compartmentalize it like you're cutting
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself off or a big piece of who you are. Other people
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, they need to. They feel flooded all the time. It's just like they're constantly activated by stimulation
Gwenevere Abriel: Memories in their mood is up and up and down. It's just like they're constantly being flooded with all this, this information and be nice for them to be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Put some of those thoughts and feelings away for a little while and kind of unpack them in a slower way and feel them at a little slower pace. So this is just an imagery. Some compartmentalize means we kind of put it in a container and that's what this is called, it's called a container.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll give you some examples.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you have an art an artsy side to you, so this is capitalizing on the right side of the brain right side of the brain has all that creative stuff and imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for some people, a container was
Gwenevere Abriel: A big
Bianca Garcia: Storage space and they can
Gwenevere Abriel: Roll up the
Gwenevere Abriel: Big door and when they were done those has a lot of space in it, and then they take both hands and they could
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull it down and they could lock it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it would be in there and it wouldn't come out for some people it was a box about this big. And they called it a chest and it was brown and commerce look like a treasure chest and had this lock on it and they had the key. Some people was a Jafar, they could see in it wasn't very big
Gwenevere Abriel: You know everyone's imagination. So that's their own, but you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have something when I first said a container.
What did you think of
Bianca Garcia: Like a jar. But, uh, but when you said like people put in a storage. I was thinking more like burying it in the dirt.
Bianca Garcia: That's what first came to my mind. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we put it in the dirt that contain
Gwenevere Abriel: The container that it might be in. We can bury it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which might almost be like a
Gwenevere Abriel: An additional step.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would keep it buried because you're kind of kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: It's got to be big enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Strong enough to hold on.
Bianca Garcia: They knew it would have to be what it looks like. You know those bolts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. So it's really thick like thick metal ball.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and does it have a lock, are you the only one with the key.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a combination lock. Is it a thumb print
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, I was gonna say the handprint handprint
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Oh, that's cool. I
Locks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we're getting there. See, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get to be silly. In
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's do something else. You don't have was talking about this container. Sometimes it's more than just
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting it in this container in this vault and blocking it right with your handprint there also might be a sense of wanting to get some distance from it. Not only that, it's contained but that
We're getting distance
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna give you some examples. So right now we're going to do. We're going to develop a distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of like a container. If the metaphor it, we're not really putting something in the ground or in a, you know, we really don't have that ball but it's our imagination. It's a metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: So some distancing imagery that people have come up with and you play with it, you find your own. Okay.
Bianca Garcia: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: A picture. Let's say they have a unpleasant memory and we're talking about it and they don't want to think about it anymore. And we're at the end of our session, you might stand on the riverbank with
Gwenevere Abriel: The lion and a moto your kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Teresa all on the riverbank feeling really kind of like supported and all the good stuff that comes from the quality of protection and nurturing wisdom and
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look down a river, you kind of see this leaf and on it is maybe a negative image of yourself licious sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Further and further away, or like you needed to go fast. So you got a rocket ship and it goes
Gwenevere Abriel: takes off like see you. I can't wait. I don't want to drift. A nice and slow. It
Gwenevere Abriel: On out. So for some people, there's a sense of urgency, or it could be
Gwenevere Abriel: That you see a train and passes by is in one of those train cars and then it goes down, you can see it passing away, and so you can't even see the train anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think distancing, of course of let's say you and I say, oh, we brought up some things. And maybe we could put it in that train and let's watch it now and see it distance further and further away. And notice how your body feels when it gets further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you, and it could be the ocean and it's still vote, I mean the imagination is limitless.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you when you think something that is sort of moving away from you, or it's an image that comes up. We could use
Bianca Garcia: A hot air balloon.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna have that one. Yeah, I like it. I like it. All right, hot air balloon. Can you guys have those whole like
Gwenevere Abriel: Lot of New Mexico to
Bianca Garcia: Yes Never got on one, but went to this show. Yes. They're also
Gwenevere Abriel: Neither I haven't gone and I've never been on one alright so hot air balloon. Yeah, I could see that. So, you know, it'd be kind of slow
Gwenevere Abriel: But then, right, and then it'd be just a little dot
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: I don't mind watching it leave like that.
Bianca Garcia: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, as long enough, leaving
Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's go over to kind of getting a little bit
More into
Real History
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get a sense of your distress level like what upsets you, from zero to 100 and I'll show you what I'm doing. I'll share my screen you can see what I'm doing. I'm over time going to be developing this
Gwenevere Abriel: Objective unit of distress. So it's kind of like a thermometer where I can see how distressed. You get what that looks like on you. I'll hear certain stories from you and I'll be plugging things in. So let me give you an example.
Gwenevere Abriel: So see how it says it could be an event and emotion somatic means body a belief also is a cognition. That's a thought so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Zero for some people in distress is like none. They're happy. They're fine. They're in a relaxed body. There's just no worries way up here 90 and 100
Gwenevere Abriel: Are those things that have happened to them so worst feelings, they've ever had the worst year typically it's fear sometimes for some people it's a car accident or it could be an assault. It could be
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, you name it. Right, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Often times, it's accompanied by not able to even think at that point is so distressing. You can't even think
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, for some people notice that the that scale goes all the way up to 100 typically up here number. I was talking to you last time about. Thank you. I think I said it the sympathetic nervous system and the parasympathetic
Gwenevere Abriel: So that breathing activates the Vegas break with the parasympathetic nervous system that hundred I just showed you just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the sympathetic. It's probably the emotions that you would recognize would be anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And in fear. Um, but you would probably have this this wanting to either fight or flee. Those are up there and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now do you right now. Do you have something in mind. You don't have to tell me what it is. But do you have one that's like, Oh my gosh, it's like 100 like this was
Bianca Garcia: Kind of, I don't know if it's 100 though.
Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe 100 would be something imagine like what if something happened to my children, that would be
Bianca Garcia: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: That's for most parents so that hundred now but you register something being pretty distressing. So did you feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: Fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you feel like running or did you feel like you were wasn't
Bianca Garcia: I guess a little frozen.
Bianca Garcia: And
Bianca Garcia: Both have a little frozen and a little bit of leaving. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how comfortable are you because there's no other way to do this scale which goes below.
Gwenevere Abriel: That has to do with
Bianca Garcia: This break
Gwenevere Abriel: We're talking about for some people they have a history.
Gwenevere Abriel: were fighting and fleeing
Bianca Garcia: Our
Gwenevere Abriel: Option what they ended up having to do was almost like get out of their own body was so distressing and there was such a sense of health illnesses that they
Gwenevere Abriel: Passed have seized or dissociated and that's a survival mechanism that's that's innate in our bodies to try to protect itself. So that's why I also open up this below zero option. So just now. You said it's almost a combination of freezing and almost also wanting
Gwenevere Abriel: To run
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to, you don't have to, but are you able to tell me a little bit about that and that's we can tease it out a little bit or no.
Bianca Garcia: Well, if you don't mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd love to hear it. Yeah, if you want to, because that's up to you.
Bianca Garcia: Know, well, yeah, I know I can. I really don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay then.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may down the line, because we're just getting started and no reason to trust me yet but down the line, you may decide I want to witness. I want to hear myself say I want someone to know this happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for now, the work that we're going to do if you're, you know, have to tell me the story. All you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into your work. That's what's neat about some of the exercises will do. Okay.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so let's turn it down. Let's bring it down to
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, actually, let me check in on something without even telling me what the story is. Did you notice that your body got activated. In other words, did you have a rapid heart rate. Did your stomach turn. Did you just get tight. Did you just start to clench, what did you notice in the body.
Bianca Garcia: Oh, I just started moving my leg faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something important is going on on the body's like oh he's thinking about it. And isn't it interesting. You remember what you said there was a little bit of I want to run away and look at your friends just did they got all like bouncy.
Bianca Garcia: That's, yeah. Wow. Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: So the body keeps the score the party members, you know, you think, how is that that's a sounds ridiculous, but oftentimes if we have an event that happens. Let's say I'm in a car accident or I'm being assaulted.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's
Gwenevere Abriel: Like, and I don't get it completed. I don't get to protect the body and I only get this far. And then let's say the windshield comes in and it hits my face to this much.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where
Gwenevere Abriel: But what I wanted to do was this
Gwenevere Abriel: And have run away. And so what's
Bianca Garcia: Interesting is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be an opportunity for us down the line to have complete back
Gwenevere Abriel: To discharge, it can be done folks that have traumatic incidences in their life when they
Gwenevere Abriel: Did the regulation, the one where there's
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: symptomatology, sometimes it's a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: Ones that go to actually fight or run if they went to the free stuff that we're stuck and couldn't action those symptoms as a result of them. Sometimes I'll do them and they'll identify as I have post traumatic stress disorder. That's how the label.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone has along the line diagnose them with that they continue to have anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: So sometimes that's a way for us to work through those those symptoms because still stuck in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go to 50 let's go to something that
Gwenevere Abriel: You can think straight, whatever that event was just now at that 9080 somewhere in there. Don't know what it was, but those legs were starting to move a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want you to think at an event that not that distressing much much much much lower. It's about a 50, you can still think straight. You can still reason you know you were upset and mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can still think
Gwenevere Abriel: You have one of those in your head.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, well, yeah, probably be like, just like arguments between us, or, you know,
Bianca Garcia: That's a great one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, now notice if you're a little bit more willing to talk about that one, like, oh, my husband and I, we go through this, he has this habit of doing this and I feel really ignored and I'm in something. Oh, I'm
sick of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you comfortable talking a little bit about that event like when you guys argue, what happens
Bianca Garcia: Well, we can't really come to a solution and then the more I poke at it and be like, Okay, let's come down and talk about it more, he gets back like instead of
Bianca Garcia: You know, listening. He just wants to talk and keep going and saying the same stuff over and over. And I'm like, wait, like that's not gonna, you know,
Right.
Bianca Garcia: So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So even as you say, Let's calm down. Let's come to a solution, he just kind of keeps escalating right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: The emotion that you're feeling when your efforts to try to get to a solution you're trying to solve the problem you're like, well, let's keep talking about it. Let's not yell or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the emotion that you have when you're sitting there in an argument with him. What, what's the emotion. What do you label that
Bianca Garcia: Well, was, well, it starts off first, where I am, as well, yelling and then I realized I'm like wait, let me, you know, turn it down a notch.
Bianca Garcia: After I feel just overwhelmed from trying, I guess to to solve it and road I rather
Bianca Garcia: Just like just not not like angry I'm not angry anymore because I was angry, and then I get to the point where I'm called but I'm still like stressed about it or
Bianca Garcia: I don't know. Is that a good emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of people can identify, they can usually find anger, most people can find that one in themselves. So you can notice you are you are angry and was it. Oh.
The topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it overwhelming your core values yourself. I can't budge like this is about safety maybe or something. One of those core values that you have that this is like, I'm not budging. From here, or was it something
Gwenevere Abriel: Not quite as critical to your identity and your, your core values was the topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: You almost forgot what it was or
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, sometimes these arguments are just, you know, it's over nothing. It's just needs a little talking communicating. But yeah, I don't really remember what the topic was to be honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they're pretty common. Most people have, you know, they were reading that kind of communication skills that really would be handy to have as adults from burnout difficult
Gwenevere Abriel: All these big emotions. Okay, so really the topic is secondary to how you're communicating
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
And you
Bianca Garcia: Go. I know they have we can resolve it no matter what it is, it just doesn't like it has. It's that little that we can resolve it simply but for some reason we can't get there. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've identified that it starts. Maybe you're angry and you did sort of I yell to and all snap to realize okay, what am I doing okay let's try this differently. Let's just, you know, do you invite look calmly about it typically
Bianca Garcia: Am I going to say says it
Bianca Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then he says
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Bianca Garcia: He thinks that if we just leave it alone. It's just going to go away. Nice. I know it'll come up again just about the same issue with another issue where we could resolve that issue, you know. So yeah, that's what he thinks.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: talk it through and he wants to, like, let's just drop it.
Yeah.
Bianca Garcia: You say a lot better than I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it, I love it. So I'm there. You are you having this and you register the anger, you've tried and tried and tried and now you're overwhelmed. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but you know you want to solve it, there's still this intent this good intention. Want to get clear so that doesn't keep up. And again, these misunderstandings happening again and again. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yep. So just heard you were talking about that and we don't even know what the content. The content is because it's kind of irrelevant. Right. It's going to happen over something silly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you notice what was going on body when you're thinking about that kind of communication.
Bianca Garcia: No, I just, I really noticed, I guess, I don't know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you might notice if you start to tell me an actual story. This time, pay attention to what gets what gets charged sometimes as we start to tell the actual story where
Gwenevere Abriel: We're having to bring it up into our working memory. We're going to have the emotions that are connected to it. So you might start to feel just
Bianca Garcia: A little
Bianca Garcia: Bit of that stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd like to continue to learn like what parts of
Bianca Garcia: Kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Old some of that. So see if you can tell, maybe a recent silly. It was over something silly like tell me a story about something that happened between new to
Bianca Garcia: Me.
Bianca Garcia: I can't think of one recent anyways. These ones were past. So I can't think of what exactly happened, but we haven't had a recent fight so I don't. Okay, think of it.
Bianca Garcia: I'm going to start writing them down, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you don't have to. That's okay. All right. But I'm getting a sense of things you know you haven't really had in the sense these big
Gwenevere Abriel: 100 events to you anyway. A pie in the anger and the fear doesn't sound like it never bow, there might have been fear, but you are remembering something about some freezing experience that happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of, not something you're ready to talk about. There's an awareness. When I said dissociation are now going to be conscious right in your body. Maybe there's some awareness to
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm looking for is separate events, while you were using
Gwenevere Abriel: Opiates
Gwenevere Abriel: They do that they get you out of your body. Right. They just do. So these events that are talking about our
Bianca Garcia: We're not
Gwenevere Abriel: impaired by a substance. So we're talking about the same thing, right, we're talking about maybe a traumatic event something either developmental trauma or a shock. Is that what you're putting in mind. Okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I thought I just double checking on the substance use, because it's like, well, then we know
Gwenevere Abriel: We know if we go with an opiate you know
Gwenevere Abriel: That'll get right and so it's not uncommon for people that have those kind of events in their history and remember we're talking about heart medicalization. The mind will do it on itself, it will try to protect you from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If an event was so significantly negative. I was just this massive flood of emotion, you can have this memory and it's really like doesn't have all these little on
Gwenevere Abriel: Any other networks and it's sort of sitting there all by itself. It's a little harder to get
Bianca Garcia: A little hard to pull up those
Gwenevere Abriel: May not have a timestamp on it either.
Bianca Garcia: Through feel like you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Living it if you were to bring it up. It also has maybe some corrupted pieces important parts of it might even be forgotten.
Gwenevere Abriel: But oftentimes in the work that people do with me is we integrate access to it by including some positive neural networks so that there's flow and it's not, you're not completely cut off to a part of you because that memory is a part of history and your relationship with it.
Is a pretty important one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes people have intrusive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nightmares, they have right night terrors and or these emotions can feel like they're coming out of nowhere and they feel completely hijacked by them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they'll describe a panic attack kind of feeling like they're coming. They're intruding
Gwenevere Abriel: Intensity doesn't match someone just ran across the street. Why am I having this huge reaction, like what's what. What the what now so that's that's a pretty common experience. So there, there's an truth of some of those
Gwenevere Abriel: Those emotional experiences.
Bianca Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all I think for you. It sounds like I need to include
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the negative numbers like negative 110 negative right even going below.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when I
Gwenevere Abriel: say words like associate, is that a term you've ever used before.
Bianca Garcia: Associate
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so C.
Bianca Garcia: O D associate
Bianca Garcia: Is that a term that I've used
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, is it one, you kind of have used or know what it is, because I can talk about it. If you know if I don't want these words that right. You're like, this is what are you talking about
Bianca Garcia: Well, you just told me that it's coming out of your body or emotion or you want it. Yeah, but that's that day. I've never heard it before. I don't think okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's good for me to know right I gotta be. I got to be careful.
Gwenevere Abriel: use words that are useful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Useless.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Include that that sort of being aware that although relaxation for some people is positive is pure and clean. It's positive for some people, relaxation, believe it or not, can be activating like I don't want to be too relaxed.
Bianca Garcia: Some people don't want to be too relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the trauma happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they had associated in that trauma. Does that make sense.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've got to be kind of kind of aware of that. Is it isn't always fight or flight, sometimes it's I need to escape. I don't even want to be in this
Gwenevere Abriel: Body. So for some people it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we've made some good progress here. I've got lots of preparation things here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's cover at least one area of that I can kind of make a little note of in the past when you notice that you were losing you remember, was there a theme to it all. I was scared at the time I was in a negative relationship, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know was there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really kind of get some of
Gwenevere Abriel: The triggers that were the reason we're using do you kind of have that knowledge.
Bianca Garcia: I'm like, kinda like what got me started as you
Gwenevere Abriel: Started. Sure.
Bianca Garcia: I think about that. See, because it's been a while. But, um, I don't know, I guess it's probably the people I was hanging around with
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That way, we're partying. Um, but for other people that same substance that maybe you like
Gwenevere Abriel: This you'll uncover out of control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remind me
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you like about your experience like
Bianca Garcia: That I had like body high and you know nobody knew I was I was normal.
Bianca Garcia: You know, nobody could tell like I was on anything.
Bianca Garcia: You know with with other stuff. You can tell if somebody's drunk or, you know, other substance but that you nobody can notice and you can just be a normal person. So that was one thing that I liked a lot about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Specifically, who didn't
Bianca Garcia: Try to say oh god I'm Erin's you know spouse or whatever store is in the random people
Bianca Garcia: You can't go run your errands and you're, you know, just like nobody knew just know everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: Did the reason you were using
Gwenevere Abriel: Change and you are using, not only for a body harbor to avoid feelings.
Bianca Garcia: I believe saw it to numb whatever I was going through then
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: If those same things were happening. Would you know what to do differently now.
Bianca Garcia: Yeah, definitely. The only thing I well what I know now, I didn't know then just don't do it.
Bianca Garcia: I mean, it brings more problems. Anyways, you're trying to numb your problems failings, whatever. But it all it does cause more problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were some of those feelings that you were numbing
Bianca Garcia: Oh I guess just everyday life in general or every day motions just any emotions, even to be happy. It was just like, that was the happiness or that was the cure to any emotion, I guess, I don't know, I just didn't really care to be happy or sad or yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're not aware of.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was angry, and I didn't want to be angry. I was scared and nervous and anxious to not aware of.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: not aware of any in particular.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it was a sense of I didn't care to be to have any
Bianca Garcia: Much
Bianca Garcia: That's what that was all about.
Even the good ones. Even the happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a particular relationship, sometimes they can be negative ones, and we don't want to actually leave the person or solve
Problems so
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there anything kind of going on back then inactive use were you in a toxic relationship or anything.
Bianca Garcia: Well, I've been in San relationship for years.
Bianca Garcia: A decade over a decade, but no i i was the problem of being on substance. So yeah, I was, I was a toxic person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I was okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is the, is this the first looking at your bio psychosocial right now. Is this your first treatment with me.
Bianca Garcia: Um, what do you mean, is this my first treatment with you, counseling.
And therapy.
Bianca Garcia: Um,
Bianca Garcia: Well, well, we used to do group ones with the therapist and the doctor. So, but now I never did it. Yeah. So it's the first time I do individual
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, I think you you
Gwenevere Abriel: shared a lot. You did a lot of work, a
Bianca Garcia: Lot of imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Or what I call the sourcing part the preparation part I think we'll make some use of that in the future so nicely done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably like I get it. What are we doing for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can take if they want to just this imagery. We just did and you can add
Gwenevere Abriel: To that breathing that you're doing. Let's say your sweetheart is continuing to right to be upset about it and we're normally keep talking and keep talking, you might do it a little differently. You could use the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm gonna kind of have it sent away on that air balloon.
Gwenevere Abriel: The astronomers probably a pretty heavy container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: In other words, the don't have to some other right now I can put some time in there. What's the urgency have some time to reflect and maybe
Bianca Garcia: At the moment, we'll kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: All understanding will happen.
Bianca Garcia: For
Gwenevere Abriel: For, for some people take
Gwenevere Abriel: Vacation or hair or breath work that you just learned and then incorporate some of the imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: But if I don't have to solve it right now. What if I just get some distance between it and see what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just even for the moment we give you give yourself a little break for 20 seconds or five minutes, whatever the amount of time that you might need to just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Create a relaxed body just to sort of bring that heart rate down and bring the respiratory demand down. So if you're wondering, Well, what are some of the imagery, for it's really
Gwenevere Abriel: It's right away, but it's also going to be available to
Gwenevere Abriel: delve into more intense work in the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take a look at scheduling.
Gwenevere Abriel: For next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Work around next week.
Bianca Garcia: No.
Bianca Garcia: No, no, I don't think so.
Bianca Garcia: No worries.
March 12
Bianca Garcia: Is that
Bianca Garcia: Know, that's what we do is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a Thursday. I know it's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of moving around a little bit here, but quite have a set time for you yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the, I think you have anything scheduled on that.
Bianca Garcia: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have anything scheduled
Bianca Garcia: No, I don't think so.
Bianca Garcia: So, so they're 12pm marched thirsty.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 at
Bianca Garcia: All right.
Bianca Garcia: And I just have to do tonight lab is 30 like 30 minutes all the time, right, because it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes there's never. No. Are they
Bianca Garcia: So far what you're doing.
working really well.
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it was a really
Early are
Bianca Garcia: any problem at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do need medication. And when I say that, I mean was medication bridge to today. And so I kind of message, your doctor and say, hey, she attended individual therapy joining into message and you
Bianca Garcia: Know, no, I'm fine. Till Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Friday. Beautiful. So I'll see you in that group. Thank you.
Bianca Garcia: Yes. We'll see you then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Enjoy your day.
Bianca Garcia: Thank you, you too. Bye bye.